refactor(doc): rearrange documentation basic & UI Widgets sections (#1823)
GetStream/stream-chat-flutter: docusaurus/docs/Flutter/02-stream_chat_flutter/getting_started.mdx

---
id: introduction
sidebar_position: 1
title: Getting Started
---

Understanding The UI Package Of The Flutter SDK

### What function does `stream_chat_flutter` serve?

The UI SDK (`stream_chat_flutter`) contains official Flutter components for Stream Chat, a service for building chat applications.

> While the Stream Chat service provides the backend for messaging and the LLC provides an easy way to
> use it in your Flutter apps, we wanted to make sure that adding Chat functionality to your app was as quick as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the Stream Chat service functions as the messaging backend and the LLC offers a straightforward integration for Flutter apps, our goal was to ensure the quick incorporation of Chat functionality into your application. To further simplify this process, we developed a dedicated UI package.
```
